1. List all the tools you might use as a web developer.

Ans: As a web developer, there are many different tools you might use to create, design, and maintain websites and web applications.
     Some of the most common tools include:

1.   Text editors: Text editors like Visual Studio Code, Sublime Text, Atom, and Notepad++ are used for writing and editing code.

2.   Integrated Development Environments (IDEs): IDEs like Visual Studio, Eclipse, and NetBeans provide a more 
     advanced development environment with features like debugging, version control, and code completion.

3.   Web browsers: Web browsers like Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, and Microsoft Edge are used for testing 
     and debugging websites and web applications.

4.   Developer tools: Many web browsers include built-in developer tools for debugging and inspecting web pages, 
     such as the Chrome DevTools and Firefox Developer Tools.

5.   Version control systems: Version control systems like Git, SVN, and Mercurial are used for managing 
     and tracking changes to code.

6.   CSS preprocessors: CSS preprocessors like SASS, LESS, and Stylus are used for writing and managing CSS code.

7.   Task runners: Task runners like Grunt and Gulp are used for automating repetitive tasks like minifying 
     code, compiling preprocessors, and more.

8.   Package managers: Package managers like NPM and Yarn are used for installing and managing dependencies in web projects.

9.   Frameworks and libraries: Frameworks and libraries like Angular, React, and Vue.js, Bootstrap, Foundation are
     used for building web applications and providing pre-built functionality.

10.  Wireframing and prototyping tools: Tools like Adobe XD, Figma, and Sketch are used for creating wireframes
     and prototypes of web pages and applications.

     These are just a few examples of the many tools that are available to web developers. The specific tools you 
     use will depend on your project requirements and personal preferences.


2. What are some of the features of pw skills Online Lab? Explain How they are usefull.

Ans: Pw Skill Online Lab is usefull for those people have not highperformence laptop
     they use skill Online lap and also give the set of language combined in a text 
     editor. 

